doc: add-ons: add information about the index (#19880)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/app_dev/create_application.rst

         This allows CMake to automatically load the boilerplate code required for building |NCS| applications.

You can now start :ref:`configuring and building <configuration_and_build>` the application using the command line.

.. _creating_add_on_index:

Creating application from add-ons
=================================

You can create a :ref:`workspace application <create_application_types_workspace>` also by browsing and copying reference applications from the `nRF Connect SDK Add-ons`_ index.
The index is a collection of publicly available |NCS| supplementary components that extend the SDK's functionality.
In addition to applications, it includes drivers, libraries, and protocol implementations.

To create an application from the add-on index, complete the following steps:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: nRF Connect for VS Code (recommended)

>       The add-on applications can be created using the following steps in the |nRFVSC|:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Complete the following steps in the |nRFVSC|:
```

      1. In the :guilabel:`Welcome View`, click :guilabel:`Create a new application`.
      #. Select :guilabel:`Browse nRF Connect SDK Add-on Index`.
      #. Browse through the available add-ons and select one that matches your needs.
      #. Follow the creation wizard to set up your workspace application.

   .. tab:: Command line

      When creating add-on applications from the command line, follow the instructions provided in the `nRF Connect SDK Add-ons`_ repository.

>       These instructions will guide you through the process of copying and configuring the add-on application in your workspace.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      These instructions guide you through the process of copying and configuring the add-on application in your workspace.
```

> The add-on will be copied to your workspace and automatically configured with a west workspace, allowing you to start development right away.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The add-on is copied to your workspace and automatically configured with a west workspace, allowing you to start development right away.
```

> For more information, including how to contribute your own add-on to the index, read the :file:`README.md` and :file:`CONTRIBUTING.md` files in the `ncs-app-index repository <ncs-app-index_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, including how to contribute your own add-on to the index, read the :file:`README.md` and :file:`CONTRIBUTING.md` documents in the `ncs-app-index repository <ncs-app-index_>`_.
```
